little diamond jig there he is right
there
roughhouse here middle of June right now
little cocktail blue
nice little blue right off Montauk I
think I think the sand eels finally came
in total of about diamond jigs cast away
the heck out there there is five seconds
in the water and he hit
little cocktail not bad at all
go try a little Hopkins spoon here
caught two on the diamond jig with the
green tube try little Hopkins oh boy
he's falling there is that fish follow
the right in
a little bit bigger blue a little bigger
blue fish right there right off Montauk
a bad little guy a blue fish cut me off
at the leader so I'm just gonna tie
direct with Power Pro see what happens
there he is
Oh jumper
nice bluefish it a little blue right
there now get back there buddy
there is it feels a little bigger
another good eatin little cocktail blue
right there it's on that diamond jig
guys a bunch of blue fish
I've only been fishin for about 25 30
minutes and you know it's pretty decent
so I'm gonna stop the moon fishing right
now and I'm gonna hit up under the
lighthouse see if I get some get see if
I can catch the strikers so wish me luck
and thanks for watch this little video
be just capture some cocktail blues so
yeah peace